Pamela Medina: My name.
Pamela Medina: Is Michael you can share the presentation, please because yeah now he's recording.
Pamela Medina: Things.
Pamela Medina: Well, our presentation is meter geology a genealogical approach to Peruvian electronic poetry and.
Pamela Medina: Yes, so this is.
Pamela Medina: An initiation that Michael and I do since two years ago.
Pamela Medina: is important because we we we have carrie up with my question to you, so these are objective is to raise or find the antecedents of the ruin electronic and you know the poetry.
Pamela Medina: Because we realize that in our country, there is not much research on the matter, but there are interesting unnecessary work and next, my goodness.
Pamela Medina: Okay.
Pamela Medina: As readers of beryllium poetry.
Pamela Medina: amelia archaeology means for us the possibility of understanding, a history of the region poetry from that influence and relationship of the works with their means of production as technology.
Pamela Medina: That is to change that traditional visions, or worse, one in which the environment can be defining pretty around and not offer good end on surprise one.
Pamela Medina: For us, is like Marshall McLuhan said the median is a message what you see is a single metal halfway mass or five meters of points from night 1927 I work by the Peruvian poet Carlos can do math printed by a the Minerva he's.
Pamela Medina: On the on the right from Casa godless and Julio CESAR Maria Thank you brothers this printed machine is responsible for alliterative mother modernization in Peru.
Pamela Medina: So it's too important for us to start with this it's interesting that this printing company has printed or producer an avant garde work like this one.
Pamela Medina: A single method that refers to that medium everywhere sing it for it, try to emulate that cellulite of the cinema.
Pamela Medina: In a book format and which also has be surely T as personality and interior design movement a his work is important because colossal can not only refers to a technological million, he also executive it's in his work, so this is our.
Pamela Medina: A the beginning for us to our work from the media, archaeology and see under my good perfect.
Pamela Medina: Okay, so this is why our classification has been built built around the median and his characteristic, we have called this route from the mechanic i'm used to the electronic i'm use.
Pamela Medina: Some mechanical alamosa electronica so we have three a pattern is identified by color density in our work so first you have works that use the computer in the.
Pamela Medina: In the Left Okay, and these are the jobs that have been created and true and soap for the computer and also have been created a.
Pamela Medina: And do it for a computer on Internet platforms are and look I platforms, so there is two ways, a friend that works from the computer in the middle.
Pamela Medina: You have the pattern, and that we call words that refer to cybernetics free computer so here you have a that works that referred to cybernetics throughout the language, it can be informed on content.
Pamela Medina: And on the right, and you have the pattern works designed for analog media this works created and sold for nll of media that a can be in a printed on paper, not as a It means that can be do an in paper from another local media or printed machine.
Pamela Medina: At the end i'll see to make the next place Okay, so do this vision from the media, archaeology.
Pamela Medina: which aims to show an aspect relegate to the poetic tradition from a Peruvian weighty tradition, a he said, the reality of constructing a genealogy that understand that the history of this works, a is not linear.
Pamela Medina: Is a is different, is it origins.
Pamela Medina: It also allow us to locate based on patterns and that the characteristic of work that use digital under relation with others experiment experimentation a prior to them.
Pamela Medina: We can see there that there will be an experimental poetic works from before, to use a computer or those made in another media percent elements that yellow.
Pamela Medina: With those that a use these technologies so to establish this relationship with a pattern of the meteorology and the genealogical and we have identified five common pattern so Michael can you open, please.
Pamela Medina: The presentation and moral.
Pamela Medina: So this is our first first a a try to understand the genealogical a Peruvian media, so we have a five.
Pamela Medina: A common patterns that allow organization, the following a visualization of fertilization, in which this a two categories are brought together now meteorology and genealogy, and so the first pattern we we we want to show you establish society Mike what can U s Okay, this is actually.
Pamela Medina: A circle a circle, yes, yes, so.
Pamela Medina: In this potter a are the words that use the society in the space a either on the blank sheet.
Pamela Medina: or on that particular interface, and also a, there is the visibility also allows them to highlight a condition of movement so important for the first avant garde experiments.
Pamela Medina: Okay there's a lot of works that are influenced by experiments of avant garde if we could call them works that explore this write poetry, the other.
Pamela Medina: The other name to to recognize this work can be also be shy poetry, so an example of this come up movement patterns that exist, it could be between career followed him.
Pamela Medina: A police Michael in clever solution and 1970s 77 and the the work of so luda was been to the vocalists in English is a by wind and, if you look, there is the the pattern of equality, but also in in the space and later and.
Pamela Medina: More years later there's an another similar work from Michael hotel is also here, Michael can you show the part where are your work where there is your work.
Pamela Medina: Yes, so if if if you can see there a mentor guide so when bar with his class and semi similar patterns or or the work of Michael have similar patterns that have your solution.
Pamela Medina: Is this word for my goal is a book Alice or be tando in employment, but could be also and.
Pamela Medina: By will win and retain my wisdom in a in a point from my code, so in this pattern from mutuality you also has a MIC and but also there's a lot of points Michael can you.
Pamela Medina: Open the the the presentation for because we went to see the others So yes, my goal and hybrid solution or not the only one, so you have a also in the obituary pattern, you have colossal Kendall and matt can you show the the first migrant.
Pamela Medina: See is in order, for years, with no i'm not Okay, then next a classic and matt is from 1927 and then you got to have your solo during 1977 and then you have and.
Pamela Medina: Michael if you want, you can move because her water no a from a work Rosa or rose know from 2006, then you have cause a NASA Lopez, that is a is a rescue from from my goal that he rescued this work for Mr Williams house see if.
Pamela Medina: Maybe you, you are showing my presentation from my mom's house okay just whenever a person doesn't list, and then you have Michael Okay, a also you have a Enrique bare metal scene visually did this is a work that is made him with.
Pamela Medina: And earlier them into know and I don't remember how you separate them into English my reality reality augmented.
Michael Hurtado: reality.
Pamela Medina: augmented reality this this word is a real your mental mental reality, a you can play this with your cell phone, so you find poems in you can find points in the reality, whether it's a.
Pamela Medina: it's a sad video okay thanks Michael please return to the presentation.
Pamela Medina: So that was the first butter we we can you identify, then we got the second butter in this analogy and.
Pamela Medina: There is the media okay this this fatter shows that works that in their construction show an awareness of means of production, a standout.
Pamela Medina: This means that they are there for it or artist with works in which the media it and its use of part.
Perla Sasson-Henry: of their meaning now.
Pamela Medina: For example, this is the media and also you have there.
Pamela Medina: Again again.
Pamela Medina: It has to record hurrah ski there is a war Casa would be likely humaneness referral Garcia, was it ambient emmerich avail OK, and then also to and recover so.
Pamela Medina: An interesting example can be a the one carried out by for Gil kerlikowske and I am 1964 with a NICO and kavita and artists.
Pamela Medina: In 1974 who construct words from the the yellow and use with an electronic medium a husky has an electronic see good in her collection of poems.
Pamela Medina: umberger a uses modifies pieces and with a computer that same operation with courtesy and Buddha is carried out or less the same or similar operation is.
Pamela Medina: carried out by berra and got a few minutes, with the work that his name in English is not the naming Spanish modified printing machine in 2020 19.
Pamela Medina: And 20 and 89 and in which they modified a matrix printer to print boyd thesis.
Pamela Medina: OK, so the the top butter.
Pamela Medina: Is that a celebrity knows.
Pamela Medina: If you can see my going to narrate it yes so.
Pamela Medina: In this pattern here are the words that revelation the sound dimension, integration and us regarding a programming or artificial intelligence for the.
Pamela Medina: recession, if this is a case of, for example in 1972 called Hillary Williamson and record it on a tape colors appeasing which the names of the colors are harmonically repeat now like good if you can open the colors maybe.
you're very you're very you're very you're very you're very you're very you're very you're Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria.
Rare rare.
Rare rare rare rare rare.
Okay.
Pamela Medina: So Carla for nagel sunset and repeat a yellow green red and blue and different sounds so a similar work, it could be with programming a barbell.
Pamela Medina: From Michael Michael can you open Bobby.
Pamela Medina: So in this work and my God, but Bobby is which the some dimension appears when we interact with that interface, if you can interact my good.
staff.
mom.
Go.
zang so.
Tom.
Robin mama hey.
Jim.
Coffee coffee I.
Pamela Medina: Read ran ran.
Pamela Medina: Thanks Mike.
Pamela Medina: Thanks.
Pamela Medina: So, and in in in that pattern is it's also a other words from our motto is that it's a work that it's and takes some parts of curtail some is done with artificial intelligence this and making you up in a presentation.
Pamela Medina: To see.
Pamela Medina: And I see you have my power letter s and no it's not it's the open the presentation is not.
Pamela Medina: Okay, and you also has a housing national office Okay, what the the fourth fighter.
Pamela Medina: Thanks is hypertext.
Pamela Medina: The first pattern in hypertext and here that highlight the words that are based on Lincoln of data or from quotes or link.
Pamela Medina: Okay, an example of this is quantum universities in beta beta a this is analogous made media is is think until for the paper in 1978 I work in which the links between the birds are established by number.
Pamela Medina: Yes, in the same way middle school for later in the last year, we just have hilarious here with us a class.
Pamela Medina: At this hour or so, for us, our work, created a with collaborative in very true takes on hyperlinks okay there's not a lot much time for me so i'm going to.
Pamela Medina: The fifth the fifth pattern, please because i'm taking a lot of times the fifth better thanks the for better These are words that use mathematical operations.
Pamela Medina: To from the same elements to the points create other poetic firms see the permutation and an example of this is a with her headway in some or a again for people they get some.
Pamela Medina: Who in 1950 had a permutations in the poems variations around the glass of water or buy a car is under number, so if you make assume my goal from media Center Center number so.
Pamela Medina: You can see the permutation.
Pamela Medina: In that poem.
Pamela Medina: Now, so it says it musalia women minus 20 Slavia snow and can be a glass of water in my hands and doing my a my my hands in the glass of water and my lips on you.
Pamela Medina: The glass of water in my lips, and doing my hand my lips in my hands and you on the glass of water So these are words that means fermentation and there is a similar operation in 2006 with a rose or offer they conserve water.
Pamela Medina: In this work.
Pamela Medina: The word rose or Ross and expand your place with its vibration and Spanish So if you make up a ratio with rose, you can have you can have another little work in in Spanish is Rosa Rosa now if that can means a flower the Rose but also that touch now rob said.
Pamela Medina: Okay, so i'm going to finish here so as you can see there's a lot of information that has not yet been up, but I want to rescue that possibility of having generating an order a, this is an energy and also is important in the process of woman here.
Pamela Medina: If you see all the presentation, there is a woman.
Pamela Medina: And with we did not intend to point a direct influence of the analytical holders, with the digital ones, but.
Pamela Medina: We do with the one is a identified that similar patterns that electronic and digital convert into realization in the initial experiments so.
Pamela Medina: it's not that influence is it's the pattern, there are present in all the program for a poetic tradition.
Pamela Medina: So next is going to continue my goal and we show you a map of the Roman electronic and digital poetry a data visualization.
Pamela Medina: And also, Michael will explain our work, because it this meat media technology and genealogy is not a show in this is also to rescue and restore these pieces.
Pamela Medina: We have called this transcoding or trans code, because when we rest we will, when we restaurant, we also create and modify the original work and then finally at me liska.
Pamela Medina: she's a researcher and also he's an artist and show us the last part of this genealogy what young people in Peru is doing right now with digital poetry electric electric poetry too thanks.
Pamela Medina: Mike.
Pamela Medina: Thanks.
OK, so my.
Michael Hurtado: I want to speak in Spanish sorry okay.
Okay.
Michael Hurtado: winner a barista party, a Mesa.
Michael Hurtado: boogie a person is a cat a the illness plateaus poetic was hit and Miss Kay.
Michael Hurtado: Where are you Sarah largo the most they stay with Timo anya.
Michael Hurtado: When intravenous the linear salary.
Michael Hurtado: Yes, Danny.
Michael Hurtado: Okay, a.
Michael Hurtado: You know, come in, sir.
Michael Hurtado: to muster less and less category, yes, can also throws a must if you kneel in Toronto.
Michael Hurtado: And a pH does it cost him restore.
Michael Hurtado: A dms in the toaster material for the most for most a Omar correct category so perfect awesome material the Syrian a super appropriate audio a crazy day or so far cat no.
Michael Hurtado: Computer aided design, he said I gotta react case a promotion.
Michael Hurtado: As personnel context, though Latin America know.
Michael Hurtado: A.
Michael Hurtado: entices me.
Michael Hurtado: me charla matter who's the mentor so no context or Latin America knows you know you can text open why know there's some contextual is distinct.
Michael Hurtado: What can come from us a order for him block a guy last category animals, no cinemas over as a strong interest in flash Ilona, which is in weeks.
Michael Hurtado: He addressed HR director maintain a separate chat me or cheetah mail a kilo per tier una una a while every a SER El camino per facilitator of Russia, Russia, Russia, the pieces the little apple he died he tell.
Michael Hurtado: para para para una una quinto illustrator historically say Sarah Brazil, the Left pss a game Australia continuation.
Okay.
Michael Hurtado: that's a samosa momondo he communicates with a suffix.
Michael Hurtado: The specimens he tells wallpapers Italia do quit.
Michael Hurtado: He gave her a complaint their level a CNS in UCC those elements of the stucco Sistema isn't it it's all your career, I want a taxonomy.
Michael Hurtado: Then protostar by something called Ramos i'm going to facilitate ideas but it's a yes or no, yes, but I keep us electronic books to end so uncle sales material for themselves.
Michael Hurtado: Yes, he commanded a specimen is he tall, is it in you know grammarly that awkward moment smokiness or so later today he tell you that area for us as a company such as like a it's a privilege crisp and clear for us the system, because the qualification many policy on a mission.
Michael Hurtado: imposes a in a castle penguin and oxytocin control most massey can take over as primary data Center category.
Michael Hurtado: by Monsanto Monsanto has been lucky mandatory.
Michael Hurtado: In a pre made reports and, most of us get further on this Oh yes, a party away a flash know adobe flash.
You pay commentaries on into.
It.
Pamela Medina: Oh yeah okay.
Pamela Medina: i'm translating What do you say.
Michael Hurtado: Okay okay instead imposes a quite a chemistry chemistry component, so when i'm in a a.
Michael Hurtado: And then you know get the particle Mr Lowe you will make a a flash indicate a general general when I was in there, but on make a other way indicate the Kenya even bring their support a para para ESTA platform APP or flash mucho.
Michael Hurtado: booth para una so lucien para para cada mashallah pieces in it at either way SIA electronica or a leader to electronic engineer is to get put on this Oh yes, a performer.
Michael Hurtado: way para para Toronto Toronto Laura carissa know a.
Michael Hurtado: middle put a pin circus Napoleon Napoleon disappear disappear SAS como ESTA the Jose Aldo we almost always a continuous young journalists have tomatoes tomato and query paranoia co if we are on.
Michael Hurtado: A local area on our own, I know.
Michael Hurtado: him a relaxation on a mouse is think that accent the perimeter is very sadistic so a.
Michael Hurtado: Initial momentum as well, you can go into a case of polycom perversity boy pss cammisa this CARA CARA una eleanor's achievers a flash intellect since young a say we normally if.
Michael Hurtado: You were para.
Michael Hurtado: He per case empty okay Kevin can really start analysis tell our a.
Michael Hurtado: board game which other stuff pss the most.
Michael Hurtado: cases a run interactive as he he glared como como.
Michael Hurtado: me small with Lisa the almost.
Michael Hurtado: A lot level of performance to use our own APA format in a parameter, a call if he got or la una una chica chica foremost into.
Michael Hurtado: We get to them and say.
Michael Hurtado: An alley circle know is toast go no subtitles in the Flash guys Kerala who sand on the coffee calm the complete our perimeter points.
Michael Hurtado: But God bless your server masaki in a math teacher bama software guy and when I see structure nice associates and a monumental mouse.
Michael Hurtado: imposes yeah phoenix and your puzzle a sick of me so places they are.
Michael Hurtado: I layer a moocher portal is your raffle reassess una solution know if there's only one area, a javascript.
Michael Hurtado: In the Apollo mission control, I mean como como a compliment, though, but uh but Allah Allah para para be sorry Sir pss hsm flash in the city proper raffle Oh, he must have alyssa continuously on a floppy so our goal areas yeah a.
Michael Hurtado: DEMO most Romania.
Michael Hurtado: The.
Michael Hurtado: Key interact to.
Michael Hurtado: Use them, but in the end, though, as cielo bicycle maintain into a is also the St Louis area.
Michael Hurtado: know I keep will embarrass will call you okay you employee i'll elusive Sally radio para Poder a call if he CARA CARA when I last instructional assistant intro the actual the actual script.
Michael Hurtado: again.
Michael Hurtado: enhances Unison to a local level Puerto Rico better when you sell a piece as a.
Michael Hurtado: toy for say I would do is campaign, though.
Michael Hurtado: In live in to the per capita author of pieces if we're on a chatham flesh is se como se mucho tiempo nomads you miss ja outdoor a horse in the syllabus America stone a Vo mucho tiempo and estados Unidos immunity wanna Mexico in loveland data.
Michael Hurtado: He a in.
Michael Hurtado: They won't look at my condo know elsewhere own authentic will do yeah in Mexico, he I saw your mucho practice a musical is it, I mean projectors the toy car he tell.
Michael Hurtado: UNO dos dos is a second sorry, Mr Lucas oil and South kelly's Sherlock Holmes I don't do them the host and maintain SLA tisha dissemination and Nokia system problem says employment electronically a as a poem is the movie handle.
Michael Hurtado: A car when I lose assembly pocket or no, no una una.
Michael Hurtado: A Latino American there a distortion, the activities hit at least.
Michael Hurtado: It was almost.
Michael Hurtado: Almost a way.
Michael Hurtado: into.
Michael Hurtado: His bicycle main thing is a horse Ignacio is musical Amina later in the day when i'm Anita Schuster our hosts can be in sync with the intersection.
Michael Hurtado: They have campus la musica know he was here for him blow a look at some of the industrial interface interface Lucy can you say medium para para cases element there's some of electricity system, we know.
Michael Hurtado: Why, yes, mechanical.
tunic window amendola paranoia.
Allah Allah be smaller caloric sales are either basia.
Michael Hurtado: Coco infosys a.
Michael Hurtado: A star star star Lisa lmt well with the most famous you know, a general population below a low or not.
Michael Hurtado: como ESTA can see to easily enter fast know a little arrow pneumococcal in those ocasio nice pls Kappa and wellness imagine is no might have mass inclusive this time that fast as like a a sandow a wayback machine will accelerate for him.
Michael Hurtado: But he still has been to a party now is he eating difficulties alone Bray exacto they start to feel national can waver in control most ensues difficult zeros.
Michael Hurtado: that's a good way for a moment momento a CMO CMO CNN a condo a plumber Sally Sue Sue over at St yeah a chanel know yeah in Internet Protocol kira kira accident.
Okay we're competing.
Michael Hurtado: With case even refer last message we open up a restaurant una una pss a no no.
Michael Hurtado: No, no possible a continuous basis, no, no, no, no, no it's important to practice this one happy SF DC and Margarita the seller doesn't have to sell me quite recently set up separate can blow a benefit equals more me gruffalo the same service.
ooh.
Oh.
Michael Hurtado: yeah it's extremely rare most a PSI cutie selling microphone oh.
Michael Hurtado: A sentence our kira comparison roughly 300 K in Parliament.
Michael Hurtado: We already that ah, no stephens gonna know ah nothing tuna burger King fergus taxation microphone.
Michael Hurtado: He.
Michael Hurtado: keeps that quality beryllium mucho versus a.
Michael Hurtado: To raffle Italy Radia Italia, they go if he can go ego in national is creep into promos know, Turkey explicitly lyric and no idea.
Michael Hurtado: owner from young construe it and ruffle puts them into para para accelerator and microphone imposes.
Michael Hurtado: A key election screen was illegal you want to stay seen okay stop user access and microphone oh no I love benefit because you know Salonika or no, are you trust pieces exhaling out of fairy fairy course cannot hear noise to implement house in raffle and are you ready.
Michael Hurtado: But I think a more rapid noise places the.
Michael Hurtado: Last lucille pareto stuff palomas So for me to say something you.
Michael Hurtado: I noticed options for a template una yes, is a similar left a to J s.
Michael Hurtado: javascript a family radio area put the location delivery area they.
Michael Hurtado: They stay out or.
Michael Hurtado: When a person number.
went to.
Michael Hurtado: Italy, ready to start pointing Catherine Jacob.
Michael Hurtado: illness illness or as a payroll no no function and simple sent us.
Michael Hurtado: Okay E se como ESTA Amina utopian is.
Michael Hurtado: and keep women work at a stab at it knows where students will never assume that beta you never seen the power consumption amateur McCormick traffic conditions cream, this is timing or your troops young kids to support him flow is the goal comfortably ESTA.
Michael Hurtado: For gay boy you're a competitor over as Abraham flow is the thing last time comatose he was a republican he was the Elio.
Michael Hurtado: In the raffle me as a nice area where we proceed.
Michael Hurtado: OK.
Michael Hurtado: OK OK, so, for example.
Michael Hurtado: A perfectly circular motion una server ESTA.
Michael Hurtado: A Enrique whale se yama deployment scenarios it's not over a two week span Allah Allah and Allah Salam at the playground, what can we do a video recording from poko.
Michael Hurtado: A portion of support Mayra put forget thoroughly annoyed when oesterle Doris can get the permit and you are a happiness gets done each us in weeks.
Michael Hurtado: ago you know javascript watch it they made in all, I mean element, you know Rafa 2000 some winners, a separate methods into personal our Squadron a law practice it doesn't participate or four.
Michael Hurtado: legs, but inside it surprise him via proclaimed voices mojito no.
Okay.
Michael Hurtado: it's just an episode of millionaires even know as the input image area most journalists ambien a star otter over actual domain, you know.
Michael Hurtado: They will point out of all the generic at some point of Toronto and keeping you at some point, it will switch into a grammy oh per employee per se como a rigorous the pointers one is a las 10 de he.
Michael Hurtado: eating a start over into web a lyric on his passions to web soon as possible Okay, no separate element unlimited like you said, we have a machine.
Michael Hurtado: boom the ALE cocoa or templo de Santos, a text us NASA components as a cold last context of the super beer, this will Doria either in Texas can control and Internet into this production blow a key a we enter for him to honor esters if the key.
Michael Hurtado: I over asked a conclusion a when they boy Amos don't they I a masking text or otter mean I a.
Michael Hurtado: Human assets, I don't have point us in the castle Lutheran and this widget or man, this is one point up at one okay can be in a see experimentation.
Michael Hurtado: A he person in lahaina by emotion code academy macias was gifts.
are used.
Michael Hurtado: exclusively on the coromandel a when a person that you can pull up our muscles tall.
Michael Hurtado: Order he was a still a separate para una suppressor who's the mentor como ella most throw a lot in yellow here, you can almost endless a map for getting.
Michael Hurtado: A map I guess we're continuing to push them into a store to get some of parallel voice electronic a key member mutual or different this woman, what do I see Emily a distant don't have a front desk a litmus throw amelia know.
Michael Hurtado: I keep all most were also Doris I keep my mother last oh address for him flow, a key point model answer was no wreckage candidate Canada TV, so no se nikica interactive.
Michael Hurtado: A is insane when I bet the former know a look at today's Internet Captain America every es para play accessible local accessorize Internet.
Michael Hurtado: eat animals the team that piece of commotion Aquino extinct so potosi Dallas but I gifts.
Michael Hurtado: I always ask you please don't call your square a particular period, a year and I see ya una maquina in bank and know soundcloud by which our.
Michael Hurtado: own so neither kasey kahne pesto, for me and it's take us to the end of the lower is the the profile Garcia goals with a penguin a mentor or Hong Kong policial.
Michael Hurtado: He went on a sterile so Pacific area, most of our listening audience that is Lisa Lisa cms template now construction more in a much more different is.
Michael Hurtado: A normal Fontainebleau a key come up with a template I own around the waste heat the heat is Veronica Veronica will be there, oh no he do it, he shot a video, for example, a key metric zero.
Michael Hurtado: Erica saw a collective also Beatty seeing cookie tuning into proper category is instilling a concept of the video clip the toy car, yes, no island a video pointless, you know, maybe a Cleveland Boise.
Pamela Medina: Boise our Internet.
Michael Hurtado: or voice or Internet or a bad boy man, I mean he.
Michael Hurtado: He went on a battlefield Elisa aka master list a master craftsman also me the sequence clear lambie the penguins in okay many Missouri handle in all of us are entering data over as the toilet in America, no candy never see me ECO it would why except.
Michael Hurtado: yeah we have a mechanism which addresses.
Pamela Medina: Thanks my God, now we continue with me Luca.
Pamela Medina: Luca a young artist some boy.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: hi.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Oh no one on second.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Okay.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: hi my name is frank and art students specializing in painting of the quantities in Arizona political brew and these opportunity I will talk about My thesis project in which I will explain the concept that i've been developing.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: interpret.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: The name of the project is pulling that IP 232199 dot one dot one eight and it's.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Where I stick to create an electronic hyper textual poetry visual and privacy as an instrument of connection.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So the topic is starts from the electronic literature and focus on social networks connectivity and interaction.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Between the writer and the reader as well as the interaction over the poetry to recognize this poetry, as well as as as an action that tries to shape the world and creates during the process nurturing the final product.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So for me that externality has changed as a result of these new interactions on the Internet, the approach and the means of communications as well.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: There are moments in which the relevance of disconnection brings us closer when geography distance and time our spacing us from each other.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And then, a question comes up why don't we believe in a visual reformatted and electronic poetry and allow us to connect through hyperlinks when bodies are not longer there I protects offers possibilities of keeping the Community.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: As well as directly encouraging others to participate.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: The goal is to allow the other to reflect to be encouraged to create changes from the point to establish an interaction and connection between the writer and the reader, as I said before, and consolidate we can silence poetry as a method with skills modify reality.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Here are some concepts and keywords from which I start to make the interplay of sin this as a process as a reflection, but also as a critique to the activism I got a.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Little a mission initiative of the reader to dive into the for their reinterpretation of the poetry from the image, as in the case of the kilogram that's very soon cetera.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And these reflections reflection convert on the languages, by which I wanted to develop the project such as I bullying web page video poetry.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: The project main resource circulation is the instagram account Linda in which there will be points, using the resources proposed by electronic gadgets for.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Every one of the points will speak for my personal and Community view, where the participation of the other is always relevant and the topics are extracted from the current situation, such as carbon endemic context and there is always a possibility of.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Collaborative poetry.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So the file, the process is kind of also the essence.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Of My thesis in when in in when instagram interactions are used the most and one other external resources are utilized besides social networks, the artistic part of its process will have a link resurrecting to the website.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So the blooms are called into deployments as a wordplay among Internet in ourself an interdisciplinary team.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And, as they are points that deal with their context with particular at the upon be read it as an as an action and interaction it in the deployment are oncoming of interventions between readers and writers.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So there are seven interplay moments, and the resources, as I said before that sharing material from users and my own creation, the instagram stories and highlight stories are.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: acts as a notification and also, as I said before, file and natural.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: and
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So, the conclusion is that is that the intention of the process to be seen, is for the consent inspection from others, and the interaction there, of course, between them.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So here, the first employment is.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: That up by month or so I sorta it was work with Google drive application in a word, document and here.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: If to let the other fully interact with the text, the option to come in and Edit inside the file is always available.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And the general subject is the recent current time and virus and satanic pattern the hyperlinks inside the poem which whether accents either way to an image or a song or maybe another porn.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: The next one is in their appointment for called Avatar and here are comply videos which I personally saw as an avid the point blends with image and sounds to create surrounding sad reflects a private share unveil.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: I asked the followers to share their own arrieta which, with a video or a photo as a result, all their video.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Cole all their avatars was created the interaction here are the new or similar means that the other individuals decide to reveal the boys with enough that appears are from some of my friends in order to generate less monotonous so.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: i'm going to show some of these interviews, in the end, and I just continue with the presentation and then i'm going to show you some of them.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Okay, here in the Bible say so, as Mr employment, the sound of the words, while being redone is what has the organism the sounders poetry is a new language.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: is created by us, as Mr as a sensory response in which the person feel satisfaction, listening to the sounds.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: To me, the text and scene, so what exists is the sound that is produced with some something that's written in different materials and sports and again to make live to make the sound less monotonous I apply other coats and language.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Then it's a boy theater seven processor employment process of a poem it uses reject by editor for its interpretation and presentation in a link and it's taken from procedural poetry you get the machine variables and commands and it responds, making the product.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: OK, that one word assess cyber form in which words are gravitating in a spot on the instructions are not only in the instagram posts but also on the same page assemble your poem is a permanent suggestion.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: To make the to make the drawing the curses is uses brush brush creates a live in mark with the phrase you are the forum which gives the user, the possibility of being part of the action of the Interpol.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Okay, in February, March, April equals hyperlinks.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Here the links great another language directly from communication from what's up up um which I believe something by telegram, for example.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: They are other links that are considered a strong ties in social practices, where we can jump from one reality to another.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Images sounds awards, this one is blend between the virtual unsentimental, so there is no linear logic that allows us to form only one way of portraying a new conversation at several.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Of these.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: conversations I asked three friends to make a short story in which we just play with words and in between songs the difference between.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Our kind of normal conversations, although the words will be involved.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Here, some of the parts of the conversation, again, I will show some of these are at the end.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Okay, that it's a practice in a painter blah blah nine, and it was on video arts animation some function, so it started with a conversation with the follower about the object.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: That today are the best friends and I asked them to take a photo of the object and they kind of tell me the story behind it and why is important as a result of the conversation I create a boy, and also includes the key words that they express.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: The video i'm sorry the Paulson questions, following the video and the process, the result and as well as the interaction is documented and highlights stories.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: When.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: I like kind of post these videos that I made I also asked the followers like what they think about the object that they have seen in that video and.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: i'm in which, like they kind of react and make a choice of what is the optic for them in order to make all those assumptions and wait kind of a haiku.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: From their answers, and this is also in the highlights stories me.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So, finally, the last one is a boy that's where interplay my five.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: members of my family and friends to each drag to join.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: One referring to something possible and the other two something impossible, it may or not, be it may or not may not be related to the current situation.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And on the other hand, to write two sentences one related to your prevent damage life and another door independent it didn't have to be related to your drone.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And to the political crisis that we face in Peru, last November, because of any government, I also choose to ask for opinions in one sentence for that means for sensitive people, which is a feature of means that, luckily my sister was an admin so.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: I haven't about how they felt from the Marches the changes and the justice that arose.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: I create a game in which the players choose the images the pictures and connect them with the sentences that I have great using only the words they have written to me.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: With family, friends and acquaintances this edited versus are hidden in the images, such as well here.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Here, and this way is a kind of exquisite corpse that is created in which the boy is not only read in words but in pictures were a new random interruption is created, every time they played is kind of a performative act per se from brutality.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: It proposed to connect the writer, we have experienced from the others as well, also the results that are share are in the highlights stories.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So here is like how it works what i'm trying to generate with this interplay of myself feeling of belonging, on behalf of the user.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And the chat be touching myself from the poem queda resistant to the situation that is handled from empathy and constant communication with the other.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: If the user does not generate an interaction before it's not complete, since their participation is expected to be part of the final product i'm the Creator, for I protect the touches himself from his own creation after providing the other with the path.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Of spaces, through which the text is directed by record but it's the reader to the size, the path.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So as a tiny conclusion um I actually consider this project as an open door for interdisciplinary teams between new languages of poetry itself.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: As well as the different ways of creating images it's an initiative for personal development in the visual analytics as well as for the others who fell into these issues in the near future.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: The blimp account access to share and interact with viewers and at the same time, extend what has been learned.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: As an open dialogue poetry has any universal meaning and it's necessary to join a not only with those who are involved in the matter, but those who seek to understand themselves and their environment in a different way, hopefully, I will contribute to that because.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: The now really, really quick.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: i'm gonna show you some of these employments that are here, I don't know if you can see my page, I think you do if not tell me.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: scream sorry, so this one is, I suppose, the one that Michael number mill talked about.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And what you can click here under sniper like the weather ex a stone in this case.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And then it's this one it's got our Rita.
let's see here in TV una clinical leader.
leopard as long as the soccer for you as.
Soon, as they.
exist and.
whistles.
Nice, yes, Western Eastern.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: This one is a proper boy with us i'm just again want to wait a little too, they are, but here are the other works that i've been doing.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: This one is they put a link below.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: This is like a video, in which I kind of show them how you can kind of read, one of the possibilities of how you can wait that.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And this one is.
He anything.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: So you here first cause of disease and what you explain explain that this is saving double your money you are part of the process and they you select like between two and six and images.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Like, for example, this.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And then you go and start and it gives you like kind of like a lush and then you put shoko and it shows you the poem I only use, as I said before, the words that they have give me give me then.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: It kind of.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: I don't know what's really fun doing this.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And this one, I can.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Well, it was this one I don't know what he can answer think I put it well sorry.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: Okay, this one.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: And that's.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: I think that's it Thank you.
Thank you.
Pamela Medina: As.
Pamela Medina: well.
Dene Grigar: I have questions I wish we had more time.
Pamela Medina: Yes.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: I don't like why no.
Dene Grigar: Oh gosh yeah so thank you, Melissa for your wonderful work i'm, thank you for introducing that to me.
Dene Grigar: Please can you talk to me about maybe doing an exhibition for the next with all of that work it's a fabulous Michael YouTube but Michael the Flash work you're doing, are you trying conifer at all are using that with a nice success, have you tried it it's also free.
Mike would.
Claudia Kozak: You like that, but I want a seal.
Claudia Kozak: sufficiency, but I bet they'll sort of gone effed up ambien para.
Michael Hurtado: Oh yeah, no, no.
Claudia Kozak: No, no.
Claudia Kozak: No, can you say, did I miss it at Twitter.
Dene Grigar: We had a hard time with ruffle we ran off the 48 works for the exhibition through ruffle first maybe about 20 of them worked, but the links deprecating so we had to run them to ruffle again and we found the sound and videos were to a lot of the words are too.
Dene Grigar: Complex for ruffle ruffle likes really flat websites.
Dene Grigar: and Muslims who is not as well the school was showing it's just too rich for a ruffle so we ended up having to use conifer and that was a lot better so.
Dene Grigar: Okay, so I don't know we should talk i'd love to talk to you about your preservation work oh great yeah it's good work.
Pamela Medina: Basic it delicious conifer.
Michael Hurtado: is an excellent and he.
Claudia Kozak: doesn't want a.
Claudia Kozak: website.
Claudia Kozak: yo yo.
Pamela Medina: Yes, it is if it goes, we are a.
Pamela Medina: In a lot of project so there's not much time but in June 20 26 and we're we're going to present our web website.
Pamela Medina: Right now, we have.
Pamela Medina: About a year so it's like.
Pamela Medina: And it's a conversation that we have all this on the server so that that Saturday the 20 June 26 we are we're going to show the our website a kelya a.
Pamela Medina: Is is making that question because we have other kind of works that I think that all that Community from this kind of space is a one to have one to use, so we hope so.
Claudia Kozak: Not longer time you have Reminiscing remediated some flash words that we all want to watch again to experience again like scotty by gabriola golden.
Pamela Medina: And you told me that and.
Claudia Kozak: And I tell my students to show them that.
Claudia Kozak: And I have another course.
Claudia Kozak: And I would love to show my Scottish but.
Claudia Kozak: Anyway, I am.
Claudia Kozak: You have.
Claudia Kozak: it's wonderful your it's a and I would like to add that really a before meeting you some weeks ago in the other events event the Catalina foundry Johnny annoy Leah organized I really only a new in in terms of digital writers poets programmers in Peru Enrique will and wholesale Bhutto.
Claudia Kozak: They were the only ones.
Claudia Kozak: and shame on me, I know.
Claudia Kozak: Other people you know I couldn't reach other people, and thanks to the carolinas I I got to meet you so it's a wonderful Latin American network that these working in this kind of a projects, I think it's great.
Dene Grigar: Thanks Joe we're doing the next is that goes to the accomplice.
Dene Grigar: Yes, Brazil, which i'm very excited that we have eight works by him that have been saved.
Dene Grigar: flash work so.
Claudia Kozak: And i've seen that mikey have remediated two of these words i'm not i'm not sure if they are the same ones, maybe, yes, maybe not.
Pamela Medina: Yes, Michael has.
Pamela Medina: ever made that that works, yes, so we went we went to have the time to show you that, but we were going to.
Pamela Medina: Compare and informed about Facebook from ilan and others patient basis.
Pamela Medina: Our work don't worry where we're going to do very quickly.
Claudia Kozak: Right thanks.
Pamela Medina: This said.
Pamela Medina: We got two minutes Okay, well, we want to thanks to to us, and my goal and we use it in a way it was special to her to be in here.
Pamela Medina: We admire the work from Isla also we have a marla work from Claudia and that concept from genealogical it's an inspiration about her work, because we hear the word, the last year and the rally the with finishes.
Pamela Medina: So it's less testing inspiration that's on our work so we're so grateful to you and me just guys I don't know if you want to say something before to go.
Miluska Falero Casafranca: No, no, nothing so just thank you for paying attention, and it has been wonderful this opportunity that you both gave me actually and to make this Community I am so amazed of the right things that you do, and I think just thank you.
Pamela Medina: Thanks Michael Ay.
Michael Hurtado: Ay.
Michael Hurtado: Ay si.
Michael Hurtado: Se on percent this know a salary nice shoes, because I cannot stress this enough for for.
Michael Hurtado: For your extra clinic Tommy can rip I suffer como como seems a cloud via.
Michael Hurtado: si K mucho gracias Thank you so much.
Pamela Medina: If.
Pamela Medina: There is going to be more places in the digital world, we can.
Pamela Medina: continue that conversation, also with the Peruvian side, we want to invite you from our conversation we had that level that level of authority from him.
Pamela Medina: New media and poetry Peruvian Gold Medal if I invite you to follow us to Facebook and instagram my lap so we got a lot of events that we've.
Pamela Medina: Organized we have organization from that kind of digital poetry or Peruvian poetry so since a lot it's good it's nice to see you again cal we're a media to Dini and lowered, you did be nice us and all of you.
Saying.
Claudia Kozak: Thank you very much, thanks all for coming to this session.
Claudia Kozak: By.
You to.
Pamela Medina: Tell me.